		about starting paragrph:

Welcome to the Website of Sri Srinivasa College Of Education (Best Performing B.Ed College) Affiliated to Acharya Nagarjuna University (ANU).

There has been a long felt need of establishing a new B.Ed. College for the Students of Guntur (District), especially of Ponnur (Mandal) and Secunderabad with a view to giving scope to the education degree to enhance their skill and competency to join in the Teaching Profession.

A Teacher has to Renew and Update His/Her Teaching. Competency all along His/Her Career and B.Ed Course is just the first base of this Teaching Process. Keeping proper emphasis on the need of the Society and to meet the future challenges in the field of Education.



		objectives:

To prepare dedicated teachers for improvement of the school education system in the country.

To adopt modern techniques for teaching skill development.

To train the student teacher towards achieving excellence on academic, social, mental, physical, moral, and cultural fronts.

To provide opportunities to enhance their competence and knowledge construction abilities in creating positive learning atmosphere in schools.

To sensitize the stakeholders on the issues related to environmental protection


		Vision:
To be a locus of academic excellence, inspiring a community of lifelong learners committed to knowledge, innovation and positive societal impact. To spread the light of knowledge in society by providing quality Teacher Education.


		Mission:

To provide a conducive environment for teaching learning with the use of modern methods and technology.

To despise the students to develop their personality as innovative and creative teachers with a scientific flair through various academic, co-curricular and extension activities.

To train the students as socially sensitive, responsible and professionally skilled teachers.

To inspire a passion for continuous learning

To Strive for and maintain the highest standards of academic excellence

To Nurture the holistic development of students

To actively participate in and contribute to the local and global community

To Embrace and integrate emerging technologies into the learning environment

To promote eco-conscious practices and sustainability initiatives

To create a nurturing and supportive campus atmosphere

To provide holistic academic programs and an inspiring learning environment

To contribute to personal, professional and social growth of girl students belonging to minority community

To extend its facilities to other communities within the framework of the constitution of India
		

		Values:

To pursue excellence in teaching, learning, research, and administration through rigorous process of self-evaluation, accountability, and continuous improvement

To infuse a strong value system with emphasis on Integrity, Equality, Honesty, Perseverance, Discipline, Respect  for all, Ethics, and Service to Society and Nation

To develop scientific temper and professional competency amongst students by imparting research orientation, special skills, and contemporary knowledge

To instil sense of civic, social, ecological, and professional responsibility in students to ensure holistic growth and participation in National Development.

To promote the use of innovative and technology driven methods in all spheres of institutional functioning 

		(or)

B.Ed. college's core values include fostering professionalism and integrity in future educators, promoting social responsibility, compassion, and respect for diversity, developing scientific temper and the spirit of inquiry, cultivating national and global awareness, and ensuring holistic development for students to become competent and ethical nation-builders



